# Part 2

1. Line 12 will print 3 because the loops iterates until i is equal to or greater than the array length. In this case the length of the array is 3 so i will updated to 3 then break out the for loop.
2. line 13 will print 150 because the last time the `var discountedPrice = ...` is updated is with the last element of the array which is 300. After the operations 300 * (1-0.5) = 150. This is the last time discountedPrice will be updated so on line 13 it will print 150.
3. Line 14 will print 150 because final prices is defined with a var variable which means that it has a function scope and it is updated in the for loop. So we have to figure out when is the last time finalPrice is updated which happens with the last element in the array - 300. Line 8 is the last time finalPrice will be updated with the following operations round ((150 * 100) /100) which equals 150. Hence `console.log(finalPrice)` printing 150.
4. line 16 will return an array of the discountedPrices which in this case was 50 percent. Essentially each element of the original array ("prices") will have a 50 percent discount applied to each element. So the array returned will contain [50,100,150].
5. line 12 will cause a reference error because i is declared with let this means the scope is now limited to the for loop and since it tries to print i outside of this scope it will produce an error.
6. line 13 will cause a reference error because discounted is declared with let this means the scope is now limited to the for loop body  and since it tries to print discounted price outside of this scope it will produce an error.
7. Line 14 will print 150 because final prices is defined with a let variable which means that it has a block scope. Since declared pretty much as on the first variables of the function this means they can accessed from everywhere below it. Therefore, when  it is updated in the for loop below it this will be the last time finalPrice will be updated. So we have to figure out when is the last time finalPrice exactly with what value and this happend with the last element in the array - 300. Line 8 is the last time finalPrice will be updated with the following operations round ((150 * 100) /100) which equals 150. Hence `console.log(finalPrice)` printing 150.
